Documentation update for Vogel's MotionMount (#37235)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/motionmount.md

ha_codeowners:
  - '@RJPoelstra'
ha_domain: motionmount
ha_zeroconf: true
---

The `motionmount` {% term integration %} allows you to control the position of your [TVM 7675 Pro](https://www.vogels.com/p/tvm-7675-pro-motorized-tv-wall-mount-black) SIGNATURE MotionMount from Vogel's.

This integration uses the Ethernet (IP) connection of your MotionMount. It's not possible to connect using the RS-232 connection.

It provides information about the current position of the mount and allows setting a new position.

> A use case would be to position the TV based on whether anyone is actively watching. The MotionMount provides a HDMI connection to monitor whether the TV is turned on and move to a preset position or the last known position in respond. But if you also use the TV for background music you probably don't want the MotionMount to extend. By using a presence sensor to check whether anyone is actually in front of the TV you can only extend the MotionMount when the TV is actively being watched.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A use case would be to position the TV based on whether anyone is actively watching. The MotionMount provides an HDMI connection to monitor whether the TV is turned on and moving to a preset position or the last known position in response. But if you also use the TV for background music, you probably don't want the MotionMount to extend. By using a presence sensor to check whether anyone is actually in front of the TV, you can only extend the MotionMount when the TV is actively being watched.
```

Author: Are you sure this should be 'moved'? It's the mount that does the moving, not the TV. The TV is only monitored for its power state.

Reviewer: oh! right. My mistake.

Author: I've rewritten the paragraph based on suggestion from CodeRabbit. I think that also solves this.

Reviewer: I'm not sure now :see_no_evil: should it be "moving it" to a preset position? as it is moving the TV? Or am I getting this wrong?

Author: Depends on how you look at it :). The mount moves, but with it the TV... "move it" might indeed be clearer. I'll adjust it.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

{% configuration_basic %}
Host:
  description: Hostname or IP address of the device, for example:`192.168.1.2`.
Port:
  description: The TCP port of the device. Defaults to 23. Only change this when you're absolutely certain that it shouldn't be 23.
PIN:
  description: The user level pincode, if configured on the device. 
{% endconfiguration_basic %}

## Removing the integration

This integration follows standard integration removal. No extra steps are required.

{% include integrations/remove_device_service.md %}

## Data updates

The MotionMount pushes new data to the integration.

> The only exception are the presets. Changes to the presets are polled, by default every 60 seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The only exception are the presets. Changes to the presets are {% term polling polled %}, by default every 60 seconds.
```

## Supported devices

The following devices are supported:
- TVM 7675 Pro (SIGNATURE MotionMount with Pro extension)
 
## Unsupported devices

The following devices are *not* supported:
- TVM 7675 (SIGNATURE MotionMount without Pro extension)
- TVM 7355 (NEXT MotionMount)

## Supported functionality

### Entities

#### Sensors

- **Moving**
    - **Description**: Indicates whether the MotionMount is moving. 

- **Error Status**
    - **Description**: The error status of the MotionMount. 
        - None: There is no error.
        - Motor: There is a problem communicating with the motor.
        - Internal: There is an internal error. Refer to the MotionMount app for support.

#### Numbers

- **Extension**
    - **Description**: The current extension of the MotionMount from the wall.
- **Turn**
    - **Description**: The current rotation of the MotionMount.
     
#### Selects
- **Presets**
    - **Description**: If the MotionMount is at a preset location, this shows the corresponding preset.
        Any preset can be selected to move the MotionMount to this preset position.

## Troubleshooting

### Can't connect to device

> 1. Make sure the device is powered on
> 2. Make sure the device is connected to the same network as Home Assistant
> 3. Make sure the IP address of the MotionMount is configured correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Make sure the device is powered on.
2. Make sure the device is connected to the same network as Home Assistant.
3. Make sure the IP address of the MotionMount is configured correctly.
```

 
## Unsupported devices

The following devices are *not* supported:

- TVM 7675 (SIGNATURE MotionMount without Pro extension)
- TVM 7355 (NEXT MotionMount)

## Supported functionality

### Entities

#### Sensors

- **Moving**
  - **Description**: Indicates whether the MotionMount is moving. 

- **Error Status**
  - **Description**: The error status of the MotionMount.
    - None: There is no error.
    - Motor: There is a problem communicating with the motor.
    - Internal: There is an internal error. Refer to the MotionMount app for support.

#### Numbers

- **Extension**
  - **Description**: The current extension of the MotionMount from the wall.

- **Turn**
  - **Description**: The current rotation of the MotionMount.
     
#### Selects
- **Presets**
  - **Description**: If the MotionMount is at a preset location, this shows the corresponding preset.
        Any preset can be selected to move the MotionMount to this preset position.

## Troubleshooting

### Can't connect to device

1. Make sure the device is powered on.
2. Make sure the device is connected to the same network as Home Assistant.
3. Make sure the IP address of the MotionMount is configured correctly.

>     - In case of doubt, perform a network reset by holding the reset button for approx. 5 seconds. The LED will start to blink slowly. This will reset the network configuration to use DHCP. Warning! Don't hold the reset button for too long (approx. 10 s). If the LED starts blinking fast you will perform a factory reset.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - In case of doubt, perform a network reset by holding the reset button for approx. 5 seconds. 
       - **Result**: The LED will start to blink slowly.  This indicates that the network configuration is being reset to use DHCP. 
    - **Important**: Don't hold the reset button for too long (approx. 10 s). Holding the button for 10s or longer starts a factory reset. A factory reset is indicated by the LED blinking fast.
```
Tiny rephrase

Author: Thanks! I updated it.
